#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
acme==3.2.0
    # via hass-nabucasa
aiodns==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp-asyncmdnsresolver
    #   homeassistant
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohasupervisor==0.3.0
    # via homeassistant
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via
    #   aiohasupervisor
    #   aiohttp-asyncmdnsresolver
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   aiohttp-fast-zlib
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
    #   snitun
aiohttp-asyncmdnsresolver==0.1.1
    # via homeassistant
aiohttp-cors==0.7.0
    # via homeassistant
aiohttp-fast-zlib==0.2.3
    # via homeassistant
aiooui==0.1.9
    # via bluetooth-adapters
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
aiozoneinfo==0.2.3
    # via homeassistant
annotatedyaml==0.4.5
    # via homeassistant
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
astral==2.2
    # via homeassistant
async-interrupt==1.2.2
    # via
    #   habluetooth
    #   homeassistant
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   ha-ffmpeg
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   snitun
atomicwrites-homeassistant==1.4.1
    # via
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
    #   snitun
audioop-lts==0.2.1
    # via
    #   homeassistant
    #   standard-aifc
awesomeversion==24.6.0
    # via homeassistant
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via homeassistant
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleak==0.22.3
    # via
    #   bleak-retry-connector
    #   bluetooth-adapters
    #   habluetooth
bleak-retry-connector==3.10.0
    # via habluetooth
bluetooth-adapters==0.21.4
    # via
    #   bleak-retry-connector
    #   bluetooth-auto-recovery
    #   habluetooth
bluetooth-auto-recovery==1.4.5
    # via habluetooth
bluetooth-data-tools==1.27.0
    # via habluetooth
boto3==1.37.28
    # via pycognito
botocore==1.37.28
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
btsocket==0.3.0
    # via bluetooth-auto-recovery
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   homeassistant
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pycares
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
ciso8601==2.3.2
    # via
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
click==8.1.8
    # via black
cronsim==2.6
    # via homeassistant
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   acme
    #   bluetooth-data-tools
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
    #   josepy
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   securetar
    #   snitun
dbus-fast==2.44.1
    # via
    #   bleak
    #   bleak-retry-connector
    #   bluetooth-adapters
envs==1.4
    # via pycognito
fnv-hash-fast==1.4.0
    # via homeassistant
fnvhash==0.1.0
    # via fnv-hash-fast
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
ha-ffmpeg==3.2.2
    # via homeassistant
habluetooth==3.38.0
    # via home-assistant-bluetooth
hass-nabucasa==0.94.0
    # via homeassistant
hassil==2.2.3
    # via homeassistant
home-assistant-bluetooth==1.13.1
    # via homeassistant
home-assistant-intents==2025.3.28
    # via homeassistant
homeassistant==2025.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via homeassistant
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ifaddr==0.2.0
    # via
    #   homeassistant
    #   zeroconf
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via homeassistant
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==1.15.0
    # via acme
lru-dict==1.3.0
    # via homeassistant
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mashumaro==3.15
    # via
    #   aiohasupervisor
    #   webrtc-models
multidict==6.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mutagen==1.47.0
    # via homeassistant
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
numpy==2.2.2
    # via
    #   homeassistant
    #   pyturbojpeg
orjson==3.10.16
    # via
    #   aiohasupervisor
    #   homeassistant
    #   webrtc-models
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   homeassistant
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==11.1.0
    # via homeassistant
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via black
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   annotatedyaml
    #   homeassistant
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via psutil-home-assistant
psutil-home-assistant==0.0.1
    # via homeassistant
pycares==4.6.0
    # via aiodns
pycognito==2024.5.1
    # via hass-nabucasa
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
    #   pycognito
pymicro-vad==1.0.1
    # via homeassistant
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   acme
    #   homeassistant
    #   josepy
pyrfc3339==2.0.1
    # via acme
pyric==0.1.6.3
    # via bluetooth-auto-recovery
pyspeex-noise==1.0.2
    # via homeassistant
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via homeassistant
pyturbojpeg==1.7.5
    # via homeassistant
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   acme
    #   astral
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   annotatedyaml
    #   hassil
    #   homeassistant
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   acme
    #   homeassistant
    #   pycognito
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via boto3
securetar==2025.2.1
    # via homeassistant
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snitun==0.40.0
    # via hass-nabucasa
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via homeassistant
standard-aifc==3.13.0
    # via homeassistant
standard-chunk==3.13.0
    # via standard-aifc
standard-telnetlib==3.13.0
    # via homeassistant
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   homeassistant
    #   mashumaro
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.2
    # via aiozoneinfo
uart-devices==0.1.1
    # via bluetooth-adapters
ulid-transform==1.4.0
    # via homeassistant
unicode-rbnf==2.3.0
    # via hassil
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   homeassistant
    #   requests
usb-devices==0.4.5
    # via
    #   bluetooth-adapters
    #   bluetooth-auto-recovery
uv==0.6.10
    # via homeassistant
voluptuous==0.15.2
    # via
    #   annotatedyaml
    #   homeassistant
    #   voluptuous-openapi
    #   voluptuous-serialize
voluptuous-openapi==0.0.6
    # via homeassistant
voluptuous-serialize==2.6.0
    # via homeassistant
webrtc-models==0.3.0
    # via
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   aiohasupervisor
    #   aiohttp
    #   homeassistant
zeroconf==0.146.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp-asyncmdnsresolver
    #   homeassistant
